Adds FAQ doc (#3920)
aws/s2n-tls: docs/FAQ.md

# FAQ for s2n-tls

### Why is the ClientHello version reported as TLS 1.2 but the handshake itself negotiated TLS 1.3?

> The TLS 1.3 spec uses the TLS 1.2 version in ClientHello and on record layers for compatibility with middleboxes and poor server implementations. There is a separate ClientHello extension which lists the actual versions supported.

Reviewer: You might want to add the "Why does the record say TLS1.1" (: We set it to TLS1.1 on the ClientHello for compatibility reasons:
> legacy_record_version:  MUST be set to 0x0303 for all records
      generated by a TLS 1.3 implementation other than an initial
      ClientHello (i.e., one not generated after a HelloRetryRequest),
      where it MAY also be 0x0301 for compatibility purposes.  This
      field is deprecated and MUST be ignored for all purposes.
      Previous versions of TLS would use other values in this field
      under some circumstances.

Maybe "Why is the ClientHello version reported as TLS 1.1 / 1.2"?

> The TLS 1.3 spec uses the TLS 1.2 version in ClientHello and on record layers for compatibility with middleboxes and poor server implementations. There is a separate ClientHello extension which lists the actual versions supported.

Reviewer: Maybe:
```suggestion
TLS1.3 sets the ClientHello and record version to TLS1.2 for backwards compatibility with poorly implemented TLS servers and middleboxes. There is a separate ClientHello extension called "supported_versions" which lists the actual versions supported, included TLS1.3.
```

### Why is my TLS handshake failing on validating my peer’s certificate? I gave my s2n endpoint a root certificate that verifies the peer’s certificate.

> You may need to validate the peer’s hostname by implementing the s2n_verify_host_fn callback. The default behavior may need to be altered for your usecase.

Reviewer 2: Can we spell out what the default behavior is here? I'm left wondering if the default behavior is to reject all.

Reviewer: I'd rather we link to the usage guide section that describes that behavior. We should probably link to sections in the usage guide for most of these questions.

Author: yeah I am trying to avoid just copying the Usage Guide here.

> You may need to validate the peer’s hostname by implementing the s2n_verify_host_fn callback. The default behavior may need to be altered for your usecase.

Reviewer: Maybe make this more generally "Why is negotiation failing on validating my peer's certificate" and include how to set up the trust store as the first step?

### Why is s2n hanging for so long before erroring?

> s2n-tls sleeps for 10-30 seconds after specific errors occur to prevent peers from learning about encrypted data. This technique is called blinding and it is utilized to prevent side-channel attacks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
s2n-tls sleeps for a random period between 10 and 30 seconds after specific errors occur to prevent peers from learning about encrypted data. This technique is called blinding and it is utilized to prevent side-channel attacks.
```

### Which security policy should I use if I want to make sure that it will never be altered?
Our numbered security policies are guaranteed to never change. We will not alter or update them based on changing cryptography standards. However, our named security policies (like “default” or “default_tls13”) change based on new cryptography standards that come out. 

> ### Does s2n-tls have an OpenSSL compatibility layer to make transitioning to s2n-tls easier? 

Reviewer 2: I think this is confusing because there are two OpenSSL, s2n-tls interactions:
1) The hypothetical shim layer suggested by the question.
2) The real dependency a user could take on OpenSSL when building s2n-tls.

```suggestion
### I'm currently using OpenSSL as my TLS provider. Does s2n-tls have an OpenSSL compatibility layer to make transitioning to s2n-tls easier? 
```

Then you could add a question:
```
### Why does s2n-tls have a dependency on OpenSSL? Doesn't OpenSSL implement TLS itself?
```
Or to make it a bit more user oriented:
```
### Why do I need OpenSSL to build s2n-tls? Do I have any other options?
```

Then we can explain the difference between libcrypto and libssl.

s2n-tls does not provide compatibility with OpenSSL’s APIs. OpenSSL’s APIs are complex and creating a shim layer would take a lot of engineering effort. Currently we would rather focus on making our library as easy to use as possible and building useful features.

> 

Reviewer: Should we mention awslc?

Author: Like in what sense?

Reviewer: awslc does mostly provide compatibility with OpenSSL's APIs, since it's forked from boringssl.

> ### s2n-tls isn’t compiling on x platform/architecture/compiler version. Can you fix the issue?

Reviewer 2: Do [should] we have a list of already supported platforms?

Obviously the CI is the source of truth here, but it also isn't the most legible.

Author: We do not. As much as I would like a list, I fear it would get out of date very quickly.

Have you already configure a trust store to be able to trust your peer's certificate? If so it may be necessary to implement `s2n_verify_host_fn` as the default behavior may not work for your use case. See the [certificates](USAGE-GUIDE.md/#certificates-and-authentication) section for detailed instructions on verifying a peer's certificate.

### Why is s2n hanging for so long before erroring?
s2n-tls sleeps for a random period between 10 and 30 seconds after specific errors occur to prevent peers from learning about encrypted data. This technique is called blinding and it is utilized to prevent side-channel attacks. See [blinding](USAGE-GUIDE.md/#blinding).

### Which security policy should I use if I want to make sure that it will never be altered?
Our numbered security policies are guaranteed to never change. We will not alter or update them based on changing cryptography standards. However, our named security policies (like “default” or “default_tls13”) change based on new cryptography standards that come out. See [security policies](USAGE-GUIDE.md/#security-policies).

### Why does s2n-tls have a dependency on OpenSSL? Isn't s2n-tls a replacement for OpenSSL?

> s2n-tls links to a libcrypto in order to perform cryptographic operations. OpenSSL is a well-known libcrypto library that can provide those cryptographic operations, but other libcryptos can be used as well.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
s2n-tls links to a libcrypto in order to perform cryptographic operations. OpenSSL is a well-known libcrypto library that can provide those cryptographic operations, but other libcryptos can be used as well, such as [AWS-LC](https://github.com/aws/aws-lc).
```

# FAQ for s2n-tls

> ### Why isn't my connection using TLS1.3?
> There are several reasons why the TLS protocol version may not be what you expected. One is that the TLS protocol has some legacy version fields that have ossified, making it more difficult to understand what protocol was negotiated. The TLS1.3 protocol sets the ClientHello version to TLS1.2 for backwards compatibility with poorly implemented TLS servers and middleboxes. The record version is set to TLS 1.1 in the ClientHello for the same reason. There is a separate ClientHello extension called "supported_versions" which lists the actual versions supported, included TLS1.3. See the [protocol version section](USAGE-GUIDE/#protocol-version) to check the real protocol negotiated.
> Additionally you need a security policy that supports TLS1.3 in order to negotiate TLS1.3. See [security policies](USAGE-GUIDE.md/#security-policies).

Reviewer: I wonder if we can try to format this to make the different possibilities clearer:
```suggestion
### Why isn't my connection using TLS1.3?
There are several possible reasons:
* Are you using a security policy that supports TLS1.3? See [security policies](USAGE-GUIDE.md/#security-policies).
* Are you verifying the connection version correctly? If you're examining the version in a packet capture, make sure that you're checking the right version field. The TLS protocol includes several legacy version fields that have ossified, making it more difficult to understand what version was negotiated. TLS1.3 sets the record version field to TLS1.1 or TLS1.2 and the ClientHello version field to TLS1.2 for backwards compatibility reasons. There is a separate ClientHello extension called "supported_versions" which lists the actual versions supported, included TLS1.3. See the [protocol version section](USAGE-GUIDE/#protocol-version) for methods to check the actual protocol version negotiated.
* Are you using a libcrypto library that supports TLS1.3? Modern libcrypto libraries support the algorithms needed for TLS1.3, but older libraries like Openssl 1.0.2 do not. If s2n-tls is built with Openssl 1.0.2, TLS1.3 is unlikely to be negotiated. 
* Does your peer support TLS1.3? If your peer does not support TLS1.3, TLS1.3 will not be negotiated.
```

Author: Thanks, this is a good edit.

### Why is the TLS handshake failing on validating my peer's certificate?
Have you already configure a trust store to be able to trust your peer's certificate? If so it may be necessary to implement `s2n_verify_host_fn` as the default behavior may not work for your use case. See the [certificates](USAGE-GUIDE.md/#certificates-and-authentication) section for detailed instructions on verifying a peer's certificate.

> ### Why is s2n hanging for so long before erroring?
> s2n-tls sleeps for a random period between 10 and 30 seconds after specific errors occur to prevent peers from learning about encrypted data. This technique is called blinding and it is utilized to prevent side-channel attacks. See [blinding](USAGE-GUIDE.md/#blinding).

Reviewer: It's not just "learning about encrypted data". It's anything secret.
```suggestion
### Why is s2n hanging for so long before erroring?
s2n-tls sleeps for a random period between 10 and 30 seconds after specific errors occur to avoid leaking any secret information via timing data. This technique is called blinding and it is utilized to prevent timing side-channel attacks. See [blinding](USAGE-GUIDE.md/#blinding).
```

### Which security policy should I use if I want to make sure that it will never be altered?
Our numbered security policies are guaranteed to never change. We will not alter or update them based on changing cryptography standards. However, our named security policies (like “default” or “default_tls13”) change based on new cryptography standards that come out. See [security policies](USAGE-GUIDE.md/#security-policies).

> ### Why does s2n-tls have a dependency on OpenSSL? Isn't s2n-tls a replacement for OpenSSL?
> s2n-tls links to a libcrypto in order to perform cryptographic operations. OpenSSL is a well-known libcrypto library that can provide those cryptographic operations, but other libcryptos can be used as well, such as [AWS-LC](https://github.com/aws/aws-lc).

Reviewer: Do we want to explain what a "libcrypto" is? I think we sometimes forget that's not a normal word :)
```suggestion
### Why does s2n-tls have a dependency on OpenSSL? Isn't s2n-tls a replacement for OpenSSL?
OpenSSL includes both a TLS library, called libssl, and a cryptography library, called libcrypto. s2n-tls implements a TLS library, but does not implement a cryptography library. Instead, s2n-tls links to a separate libcrypto in order to perform cryptographic operations. Libcryptos other than OpenSSL can be used, such as [AWS-LC](https://github.com/aws/aws-lc).
```
